So in the last lecture we created a template for the author. Let's now create a couple of more templates. And
let's start by search.
So when you search for something, you get a page and this page will fallback to archive.php
or actually
I think index.php. And you can create a search.php file in order to override the index.php template.
So let's do that. Let's create a new file
search.php. And this will also be exactly like the archive.
But we'll just have to change the HEADER
here, the title.
So let's remove these.
And we'll also have to instead of "archive" let's type "search" and for the HEADER let's output an H1 tag. And
let's open PHP. And here we'll output some title. So let's do a printf() and escaped and translated text. So
this will be the first argument and the text will be "Search results for: "
and then a placeholder. And of course the text domain. And the second argument for the printf()
will be what we need to replace the placeholder with.
So let's use a function called get_search_query(). And this will get what we are searching for.
I think we used this before in the search form. So the let's see now.
And as you can see we now have "Search results for: "
And then what we typed here.
And that will be it for the search template. Let's also create another template.
And this one is called 404.php.
And of course this will be for the not found pages.
So let's also copy the archive just for the, instead of typing the layouts, the rows and columns. And we don't
need a sidebar.
We don't need any template parts.
There is no loop here.
You don't need a title.
And this will always be 12, actually you can remove this.
And output some text to in an H3 tag maybe.
And let's open PHP and escaped and translated text.
Sorry "html".
So we can type
"Nothing found here,
maybe you can try to search?".
And then below this text will output the search form. So after the H3 let's open another PHP
and get_search_form().
And of course you can do whatever you want in the 404 page.
And this is just an example.
And let's see now. Let's go to a page that is not found.
So maybe you can go to a post ID that is not exist or something.
And as you can see we'll have our text and the search form. And of course you can style this better than i did here but
it is just an example.
You probably have noticed that most of the templates that we created were for the posts, right?
The archives and the single and the author. But we haven't done yet anything for the pages.
So let's go to a page now and it's actually still falling back to the index.php.
So if we take a look at this chart here we'll find that for a single page we have to create a file
called page.php.
So let's create this file in the next lecture.